Thanks- while I implement this, I'll let you have a look at the old python "fractal" script. You will immediately notice how ancient it is because it is only capable of multiplying floretions of order 4 or less (via floret_tools.mult_table.csv, which I have greatly truncated because it is not important) whereas now we can go all the way up to order 8 with advanced multiplication strategies (employed in the base floretion lib that the add-on imports). Please have a good look so that you get an good idea of the principles of how these pictures are created)- breathe in the script, haha. What we could do in Blender to "emulate" this script is something like the following: create a grid of vertices maxRes X maxRes (say 1024x1024), probably best again as a geometry node script- this will represent our png image of resolution 1024x1024. We can then start with a floretion, say, FloX with a given set of Vertex Groups. The old script will have a double loop for x in (1, maxRes) for y in (1:maxRes), normed to values between -1 and 1 if I remember correctly. What we could then do is take all the coeffs belonging to vertex group 1 (or 2...7) of FloX and then multiply them by x (similar for y with another, separate Vertex group). Let's call this result FloXmod. Next, we can form FloXmod^n for n = 2... 20 (e.g.). This should create something similar to what the script does. Unfortunately, the color schemes in the script are quite convoluted (but beautiful when chosen correctly). We'll have to see how best to implement this.  


Great- at the moment I have the feeling you have succeeded in understanding the script at a fundamental level. Can we start with you giving me a test script I can run after selecting FloX/Y/Z that produces a colored grid in front of the respective obect (at the moment the tetra objects are already in the back)? This is more a proof of concept. The resolution and n max can be set by the script. Note the script chooses "interesting" floretions and very often looks at "tes" (that is the projection onto the unit vector, i.e. the coef of the base vector e...e). "ves" is defined as the sum of all coeffs. In a simple version of the script, we would substitute, say the coeff of the unit with x_coord (or some transform of the axis, as you correctly point out) and another base coeff would would be y. In effect, our Vertex Groups are taking the place of "selecting a beautiful floretion".

Buon giorno, the flyby script is really cool, thanks. After further tests, these are the main updates I have on my list: 1. For some reason the Spin VGs button sometimes fails: Spin VGs fallito: name 'axis_norm' is not defined. 2. Let's get "Tetrahedral" out of the height dropdown box. It really belongs as a checkbox under "Mesh Construction" together with the other checkboxes "Show centroids, Show curves, ...". We can then add a little something that might make for some cool effects: if the user has tetrahedral selected and "coeff" from the height checkbox (do nothing if "index" is selected), then we can additionally multiply the distance of the tile to the center unit tile (i.e. ee...e) by this coeff (i.e. "scale", flip direction if coeff is negative). Also 3. we can have an additional dropdown "tile area scaling (relative)" box under Mesh Construction with options "none", "scale tile area by abs(coeff)", "scale tile area by log(abs(coeff)))". In this case, if e.g. all coeffs were equal 1 except a single tile that had coeff 0.5, then that tile would by half as large (with its centroid at the same place). Again, for abs(coeffs) < 1 we can have the log scaling coincide with the linear. 4. let's add Xnot / Ynot / Znot to the row of panel buttons for X, Y and Z that replaces the floretion with its "antifloretion" (making use of the same bitwise not call we use in the "bitwise ops" panel. A new row of buttons may be needed as they're kinda bunched up. Finally, let's add a two new buttons to the (presumably new row of buttons) for Z "to X" (tooltip: "Copy result to X"), "to Y" or similar. Thanks!     


Ciao, volevamo darvi un piccolo aggiornamento sul nostro viaggio- ci siamo gi

Ok, so far I would say this is like a Christmas present- good work! There is sooo much to branch off to from here. Here is a possibly big one going in a completely different direction: let's choose order 6, and the Sierpinski-E from the drop down for both X and Y. Then, let's choose Ynot to get the antifloretion. The result Z is something I'm 100% positive noone has ever seen before- one particular vertex group there  very much appears to possess tiles colored in a way to resemble something like "8 bit circles". But wait- then counting the tiles should give some kind of approximation for pi, no? So I count the tiles along one upper semicircle and get 22- then count the ones along the radius and get 7- not only is that is a rational approximation of pi, but it implies that if we continue increasing the order to 7 and 8 (of course, Sierpinski-E is defined for all orders as it is basically the n-th iteration, where the order of the floretion is the iteration itself, in the limit towards the Sierpinski Gasket), we will get new, more accurate rational approximations! On the radial multiplication of the tiles by the coeffs: for some reaons it appears some tiles lose their coloring for some reason. In particular, with the simple case of setting FloX = Sierpinski-E (all coeffs are zero or one), then the tiles appear to be placed correctly, but about half of non-zero tiles are colored green, the other black for some reason. We should probably also have a log scaling option here as well as in some cases they blow up over the entire screen. Also, it would be interesting to have some kind of a bar from 0 to 1 where we could insert a keyframes on the scaling and have the tiles blow up like a volcano, haha.   


Done further tests on new version. Results: with centroid distance 50% -> apply to Y, we still have some very fishy results. For one, VG1, if I select it, appears to select faces as strips (to describe it: almost appears like two copies of xyz orthogonal axes moved adjacent to each other). But how can this be: when counting adjacent faces, etc. there should be no predisposition for direction. When Y is chosen with centroid distance < 50%, then what we should have is something that looks like a ball - there should not be "lines" inside the ball. Note the tile scaling for the ball, when activated, reactions just as one would expect- the tiles towards the center get smaller in a manner that does not depend on direction. Next, the colors are still getting overwritten by the VGs, apparently (which I can see because even when the main colors are set to zero, I still see the adjacenct lines described above in a blueish color). Actually, it's weirder: if I select a color mode from the add on directly, the lines disappear for about two seconds, then reappear also changing the overall color. Let's do this to make it simpler. Let's completely reinterpret "color mode" from the add-on panel. In its place, lets have 4 different shader frames in the shader editor: 1. Floretion colors (Static) with output nodes: ABS HSV, LOG HSV, Diverging, Gray, NEON, .. (i.e. the choices we currently have in the color mode dropdown box of the add-on). 2 Floretion volors (Verts) with output nodes: Edges, Verts, Edges and Verts, then Floretion colors (quantiles) which can be the newly added stuff (Quantile 2 colors, 4 colors, etc. along with the color pickers). Thus, what the user can select from the colormode dropdown box is something like "static", "neighbor based", "quantile based". Feel free to change the names around if you have a better idea. Finally, the "normed" checkbox may not be working properly: even when checked, the tiles still explode all over the screen just as before in some cases. 


Well, I don't have to test this much to see that it doesn't work. I don't know where to begin: the normalize checkbox appears to do nothing. Lets remove it before it causes any more confusion. What we want to do is to normalize all coeffs of a floretion to 1 before the tetrahedrons are scaled by the coeffs. Next- if I choose color mode "static", static mode "anything" I can see that the correct color appears to appear for a about a second as desribed above, then the whole object changes color again and becomes monochrome- very ugly. Next, and this may be the clearest description of the problem yet: if I begin with Cn(iiiiii), which has distinctly defined vertex groups (hexagons, etc.), I see the neighbor based color scheme right from the outset, even though "static" mode is selected. If I then choose to neighbor based and then back to "static", for just a second I again see the correct static colors, only for it to change back to neighbor based after a sec or two. If we have to, let's remove the Vertex group materials VG1, ... or at least have a checkbox to remove them to make the situation simpler to diagnose. 


Sorry, unfortunately it is still the same- when I select color mode -> neighbor based, the equilateral triangles become colorful, the tetra-objects stay gray. Ah- I think I understand the problem. Under "Vertex Group Extension" there is a checkbox "Create Materials" that is unchecked. When checked, this is supposed to create 7 materials based on vertex groups FloretionMaterial_VG1, ... VG2. If I check it, the tiles on the tetra object coincide with those of the 2D represenation. Note we also have the "main" material "FloretionMaterial" (and also FloretionZeroMaterial). Ideally, there would be no checkbox to create VG materials: they should always be created. The problem seems to be that, since both FloretionMaterial and FloretionMaterial_VG1, ... can reference the same group of tiles (FloretionMaterial references all tiles with non-zero base vec coeffs), they begin fighting for who gets on top / has priority when it comes to actual rendering. As soon as the VG materials are created (to now), FloretionMaterial gets the short end of the stick and modifying it has no effect. The tetra objects obviously seem to rely on VG being created. One thing that seems reasonable to me is to make sure that the tetra material does not rely on vertex group _materials_ having been created (the 2D version does not need it, so of course it should be possible to get right)- and also the spin script. We can define additional vertex groups: "tiles with nonzero coeffs", "tiles with zero coeffs", "tiles with positive coeffs", "tiles with negative coeffs". Of course, priority problems will arise when the user selects a vertex group (or combination thereof) and goes to the materials tab to assign this group a new material- if there is overlap with other materials, the priority becomes extremely difficult to set (I know one can move the new material up and down in the materials list to supposedly set the priority, but this seems buggy to me- sometimes the same material appears at the top and bottom at the same time!)